#### Documentation

 _search_

Search

  *  _description_

Streamlit library

    * Get started

 _add_

    * API reference

 _add_

    * Advanced features

 _add_

    * Components

 _add_

    * Roadmap _open_in_new_

    * Changelog

    * Cheat sheet

  *  _cloud_

Streamlit Community Cloud

    * Get started

 _add_

    * Deploy your app

 _add_

    * Manage your app

 _add_

    * Share your app

 _add_

    * Manage your account

 _add_

    * Troubleshooting

  *  _school_

Knowledge base

    * Tutorials

 _add_

    * Using Streamlit

    * Streamlit Components

    * Installing dependencies

    * Deployment issues

# Streamlit documentation

Streamlit is an open-source Python library that makes it easy to create and
share beautiful, custom web apps for machine learning and data science. In
just a few minutes you can build and deploy powerful data apps. So let's get
started!

 _arrow_forward_

#### Get started

If you're new to Streamlit and don't know where to start, this is a good
place.

 _dvr_

#### API reference

Learn about our APIs, with actionable explanations of specific functions and
features.

 _grid_view_

#### App gallery

Try out awesome apps created by our users, and curated from our forums or
Twitter.

## How to use our docs

 _description_

Streamlit library includes our Get started guide, API reference, and more
advanced features of the core library including caching, theming, and
Streamlit Components.

 _cloud_

Streamlit Community Cloud is an open and free platform for the community to
deploy, discover, and share Streamlit apps and code with each other. Create a
new app, share it with the community, get feedback, iterate quickly with live
code updates, and have an impact!

 _school_

Knowledge base is a self-serve library of tips, step-by-step tutorials, and
articles that answer your questions about creating and deploying Streamlit
apps.

## What's new

 _science_

#### App testing

Introducing a new testing framework for Streamlit apps! Build automated tests
for your CI workflows.

 _account_tree_

#### `st.connection` is deexperimentalized!

Announcing the general availability of `st.connection`, a command to
conveniently manage connections in Streamlit apps.

 _ac_unit_

#### `SnowparkConnection` has been upgraded!

`SnowflakeConnection` has all the same great functionality _plus more!_

 _construction_

#### Dataframe toolbars

`st.dataframe`and `st.data_editor` have a new toolbar! Users can search and
download data in addition to enjoying improved UI for row additions and
deletions.

 _scatter_plot_

#### Scatter chart

Introducing `st.scatter_chart` — a new, simple chart element to build scatter
charts Streamlit-y fast and easy!

 _link_

#### Link button

Introducing `st.link_button`! Open an external link in a new tab with a bit
more pizazz than a plain-text link.

## Latest blog posts

View all updates

## Join the community

Streamlit is more than just a way to make data apps, it's also a community of
creators that share their apps and ideas and help each other make their work
better. Please come join us on the community forum. We love to hear your
questions, ideas, and help you work through your bugs — stop by today!

View forum

## Other Media

  * ##### GitHub

View the Streamlit source code and issue tracker.

  * ##### Reddit

Join our newest community on Reddit to discuss Streamlit.

  * ##### Discord

Join thousands of other Streamlit enthusiasts in our Discord server.

  * ##### YouTube

Watch screencasts made by the Streamlit team and the community.

  * ##### Medium

Follow our open Medium publication about all things Streamlit.

  * ##### Twitter

Follow @streamlit on Twitter to keep up with the latest news.

  * ##### LinkedIn

Follow @streamlit on the world's largest professional network.

  * ##### Instagram

Follow @streamlit.io on Instagram for more updates and content.

  * ##### Newsletter

Sign up for communications from Streamlit.

Next: Get started

* * *

HomeContact UsCommunity __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __

Copyright © 2023, Streamlit Inc.Cookie policy


