Skip to content

JC Chouinard

Menu

Menu

  * About
  * Python SEO
  * Git & Github
  * Machine Learning
  * API
  * Buy Me a Coffee

# THE 8 BEST Websites to Practice Web Scraping

25 August 2023

Jean-Christophe Chouinard

Although legal, web scraping puts a load on a website’s server. This is why it
is important, when practicing web scraping, to use find a playground for
improving your scraping techniques.

In this tutorial, I will show you the websites that I like best when
practicing web scraping.

Here is a list of websites to practice web scraping:

* * *

### Subscribe to my Newsletter

* * *

  1. scrapethissite.com
  2. crawler-test.com
  3. Httpbin.org
  4. the-internet.herokuapp.com
  5. toscrape.com: books.toscrape.com & quotes.toscrape.com
  6. JSON Placeholder
  7. realpython.github.io/fake-jobs
  8. s1.demo.opensourcecms.com/wordpress

**Navigation** Show

1\. ScrapeThisSite (scrapethissite.com)

2\. Crawler-Test (crawler-test.com)

3\. Httpbin

4\. the-internet.herokuapp.com

5\. To Scrape (toscrape.com)

6\. {JSON} Placeholder

7\. Real Python Fake Jobs (realpython.github.io/fake-jobs)

8\. Open Source CMS Demos (s1.demo.opensourcecms.com/wordpress)

Conclusion

Related posts:

## 1\. ScrapeThisSite (scrapethissite.com)

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

ScrapeThisSite stands out because it provides a well-structured collection of
websites with some web scraping challenges. You can navigate through different
categories and scrape varying types. The website is both simple and rich.

## 2\. **Crawler-Test (crawler-test.com)**

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Crawler-test.com really is a gem for web scraping, but also for SEO learning.
A strong infrastructure was built to investigate how bots would handle various
types of errors that could happen on a website.

## 3\. Httpbin

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Httpbin.org is not a website built for web scraping in itself. That is, a lot
of the web scraping challenge is to handle various status codes and HTTP
responses. Httpbin offers a lot of example endpoints to test how your code
would react in different scenarios such as 500 errors, redirects or
authentication, among many other things. A must have in your web scraping
toolkit.

## 4\. the-internet.herokuapp.com

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

The-Internet offers a wide range of web interactions, including multiple
scenarios relevant to web scraping. Its user interface challenges will help
beginner as well as expert web scrapers understand and manipulate HTML
structures effectively.

## 5\. To Scrape (toscrape.com)

⭐⭐⭐⭐

Toscrape.com offers an incredibly simple interface to scrape quotes
(quotes.toscrape.com) or scrape books (books.toscrape.com), including
pagination exercises. This is the perfect beginner web scraping sandbox.

## 6\. {JSON} Placeholder

⭐⭐⭐⭐

JSON Placeholder is another website that is not really meant for web scraping,
but is useful to brush up some of the skills that web scrapers must have. I am
talking about using APIs.

APIs are the best way to avoid web scraping, and should be use before any web
scraping project. Thus learning how to interact with APIs is primordial to web
scrapers. JSON Placehoder is a free fake API that you can use to practice
various HTTP requests and inspect the API response.

Thus, JSON placeholder makes it into the list of websites to practice web
scraping.

## 7\. **Real Python Fake Jobs (realpython.github.io/fake-jobs)**

⭐⭐⭐

Job boards are of a big interest for web scrapers. The job industry is
massively populated by scraped content. In light of this, realpython.com
created a super simple fake job board to help you practice web scraping for
jobs: realpython.github.io/fake-jobs. Beginner web scraping sandbox.

## 8\. Open Source CMS Demos (s1.demo.opensourcecms.com/wordpress)

⭐⭐

WordPress being such a widely used CMS, it is useful to practice web scraping
on some websites built on it, which is why this sandbox was added to the list.
There is however, very limited things to practice on opensourcecms.com.

## Conclusion

Mastering web scraping requires practice. The websites mentioned in this
article offer great opportunities to improve your skills. Crawler-Test,
ScrapeThisSite and The-Internet stand out as best options due to their
dedicated focus on web scraping challenges. Explore these platforms,
experiment with different scraping scenarios, and watch your expertise in web
scraping flourish.

Enjoyed This Post?

Jean-Christophe Chouinard

SEO Strategist at Tripadvisor, ex- Seek (Melbourne, Australia). Specialized in
technical SEO. In a quest to programmatic SEO for large organizations through
the use of Python, R and machine learning.

### Related posts:

  1. Web Scraping With Selenium in Python (with Example) – Browser Automation
  2. Web Scraping with Python: Complete Guide
  3. Web Scraping Tutorial (with Examples)
  4. Selenium: How to Install Chrome Driver Executable File

## Share this post

* * *

### Newletter

© JC Chouinard

Privacy Policy

Close

  * About
  * Python SEO
  * Git & Github
  * Machine Learning
  * API
  * Buy Me a Coffee


